# Self development
## Contents

### 1. Machine Learning
#### What is machine learning?
ML is where small packets of memory that contribute to the output of any given input (a hyperparameter), are changed that enable the program to better predict given previous learning (training) examples. A very basic ML example is linear regression where a group of data points are separated by a line of best fit, enabling a program to predict what the next set of data points mean to the program. If that line is curvy, or 3-dimensional, then more advanced data can be analysed, and to a higher accuracy.

### 2. AGI
#### What is AGI?
AGI stands for Artificial General Intelligence, and is of the thought that humans are a biological AGI, so would be of human comparison when it comes to intelligence. The general part means that is is not of a narrow band of intelligence, so is able to learn from different types of sensors and combine the learning, much like the human brain.

#### How do we build it?
This is a bit of a question and stating this gives away a lot of intelectual property, however, think of it like this... lots of different types of learning, in one place. Each person doing this will have their own idea on how to design and build it.

### 3. Quantum Mechanics
#### What is 'quantum'?
The term 'quantum' means the very small. Sub-atomic. The significance of this is that the way physical laws (the ones we are used to in our everyday lives; friction, heat and gravity), are very different, in the way things fundamentally work. Forces such as gravity are more likely to be based on electromagnetic effects from the spin of particles, and energy works in a way such that the forces generated by a particle are represented everywhere by the force's wave function, but only take effect one interaction and at one place at a time, like a particle. More on this later.

#### Representation
So how to we represent quantum interactions? By chance. That is the answer. Because the energy exists as a waveform, and we can often know exacly what the waveform is from measurements from the source of energy, or by configuring the source to produce a specific waveform. So we know what the waveform is; we know how much energy is contained (amplitude) and how it operates (frequency).

Random thought: if spin of a particle is actually real, and where the spin represents the frequency. Unlikly but possible perhaps?
